# Servo Technical Steering Committee Meeting

Date: 2021-02-12
Location: Zoom

## Agenda

* Approve 2020-12 meeting minutes

* Report on the Servo Project board and budget

* Report from the Infrastructure subcommittee

* Servo workshop/conference? Meeting chair?

* Next TSC meeting: 2021-04

* Any Other Business

## Minutes

attending: ajeffrey, cbrewster, cybai, manishearth, mrobinson, simonsapin

ajeffrey: Any objections to the previous meetings minutes.

ajeffrey: No objections.

ajeffrey: We have a board now. The end of March will be the first board meeting.
This means that there is also a budget. Previously, money coming in was from
individual donations. With the funding board we have a proper budget now. Does
the TSC have an opinion about budget things? Formally this is all managed by the
board, but we are allowed to express opinions to them.

simonsapin: Other than CI, we've also talked about having someone part-time
maintaining infrastructure.

ajeffrey: What would that position look like? Would it be a part-time technical
community manager? Would this role be looking out for the CI and steering the PR
process -- making sure they don't disappear?

simonsapin: Yeah, something like that.

ajeffrey: Any other thoughts...ideas for sensible things to spend money on? The
actual decision-making process is going to be done by the board. We can give
opinions to them and figure out if there is slack in the budget for things. My
suspicion is that from the Linux Foundation there are going to be high-priority
items that they want us to pay for. They also often have a part-time project
manager and that person's role is often around what the LF calls outreach, but
to other board members rather than the technical community. Marketing in a
for-profit enterprise. Does it make sense for those two roles to be the same
person?

simonsapin: A few weeks ago someone asked "How can I support the project?" I
could have sent them to that person.

ajeffrey: For the moment we are filling that role, but having someone in that
role would be useful. In terms of the process, are we okay with just providing
input into the board or do we want a join subcommittee that roughs out a budget
and send it back to the board? Does anyone here have strong feelings about
budget and want to have their input recognized?

manishearth: Leaving it up to the board sounds good with some opinions sent from
us to the board.

simonsapin: I think that's fine. If we [the TSC] later have opinions, we can
change things.

ajeffrey: Right. It's not set in stone. The initial budget is drawn up in March,
probably a 6 month budget -- till about the start of 2022. The other thing is we
should think about is if we should do any messaging around having a funding
charter. The LF likes to make announcements about a bunch of board members in one
go instead of piecemeal. The LF would probably like us to do informal outreach.
The full membership is fairly expensive (~100k), but there are other kinds of
membership which still have input into the board. So spreading the message to
anyone who might want to support servo might be a useful thing.

simonsapin: What is the message and process?

ajeffrey: The general message is to support servo and the process is available
to look at. For people who want to provide support, they can do it through the LF.

*looking at "Participation Agreement" linked from servo.org*

simonsapin: It says "review draft" right now.

ajeffrey: Apparently this is a typical lawyer thing that means this is the draft
that lawyers should view. This is the draft that a company would sign. We should
probably link this from servo.org.

simonsapin: It's already on the homepage. It links to the PDF.

ajeffrey: We should make it easy to find the funding agreement on the servo.org
page.

ACTION ITEM: put link on servo.org

ajeffrey: Report from infrastructure subcommittee.

simonsapin: I have nothing to report. I can only repeat what Josh has written in
Zulip. There was some work related to SpiderMonkey.

ajeffrey: The other item is looking into Github actions.

simonsapin: Josh has done some work looking into GitHub actions and making
servo compile on different platforms. I don't know the details of where that's
at right now.

ajeffrey: It seems like that is on the backburner right now, because getting rid
of Python2 has taken priority?

simonsapin: Is Python2 blocking GitHub Actions?

ajeffrey: Not sure, but the SpiderMonkey upgradeseems to have happened. I r+'d
it, but it hasn't merged yet. I think that was the last bit of Python2, but I
don't know if that was a requirement to move over to GitHub actions or unrelated
housekeeping. As far as I can tell, is that Josh's general feeling is that it
looks like this is all going to go through, which means that we'd be off of
TaskCluster. Deadline for that is May.

simonsapin: Do we have an actual deadline or is it in the air?

ajeffrey: Unclear. I'm still working on the basis that it is May. I haven't
heard anything to the contrary.

simonsapin: We are now paying a new, lower price per month for the MacStadium CI.

mrobinson: Confirms name of CI company.

simonsapin: *clarifies* We rent some Mac hardware from them.

ajeffrey: The process for the AWS bill is now in place. We are currently at $120
a month, which isn't a huge amount of money when the board is in place.

simonsapin: You are handling the payment for that?

ajeffrey: Yes. The difficult part was setting up the buffer between the bank
account and AWS. AWS will just keep charging if you mess up the CI
configuration. Very easy to lose a bunch of money this way. I'm pretty confident
that won't happen at this point. There's a whole cycle that happens now with
Expensify, etc.

simonsapin: Now that we do have a finance board, this is all easier?

ajeffrey:  Yeah, we can get a servo project credit card for instance and we can
use that for AWS. Other infrastructure stuff? 

ajeffrey: Next topic: LF wants us to have a meeting...a workshop or conference
or something similar. The main issue is whether or not there is someone from our
end who can chair this...do the presentation/paper process: a CFP and then
an approval process.

simonsapin: You mean organizing a brand new conference?

ajeffrey: It would be a satellite event of another LF conference. They typically
have these. A fair amount would be done by LF, but we'd handle the technical
aspects. We'd coordinate with all the speakers. Anyone here that says, "Yes,
that sounds like a good idea and want to donate some of their time?"

 *no volunteers*

ajeffrey: I'll get back to the LF and say there is no champion for that here.

ajeffrey: Next TSC meeting: The next meeting is in April. Any changes that anyone would
like to make to the current every-two-months cadence?

 *silence*

ajeffrey: Any other business?

 *silence*

ajeffrey: Closing meeting. Thank you.

## Action Items
 * Update link to funding agreement on servo.org. Make the link easy to find and
   ensure that is links to the correct document.
